	I felt hopeless after 2016; worse even than Donald Trump’s election was being unable to see a way forward from infinite partisan warfare. Pete changed that. 

I’ve heard assertions that a Trump voter must not only be wrong but bigoted and evil; yet, I live the contradiction of knowing and loving people who voted for Donald Trump. 

In fact, when I got my car stuck in the mud while knocking doors for Pete, it was a Trump voter who pulled me out. 

In our frayed and fractured time we need a nominee to unify the party, a president to call us to our highest values, and a champion for an American experience defined not by exclusion, but by belonging.

Pete was a soldier sent overseas on a president’s order and is a gay man whose marriage exists by the grace of a single supreme court vote; he understands that politics is personal. 

As a naval intelligence officer tasked with disrupting terrorist finance networks and as the mayor who saved his city $100 million dollars by using computers to make the world’s smartest sewer system, Pete is capable of meeting the complexity of the day’s problems with consideration and sophistication. 

I care that he’s a rhodes scholar who speaks seven languages, because being President of the United States is the most complicated job in the world and the ability to learn should be the chief qualification. 

Most importantly, I trust Pete to welcome others to the right side of history. As the mayor of a socially conservative town in Mike Pence’s Indiana, Pete understands how to be resolute in his progressive values without disparaging the folks who are still learning. Pete will relegate the Trump presidency to the dust bin of history, but he won’t throw away half of the country with it. 



It was an act of hope for Mayor Pete to run for president, and an act of hope for me to knock on most of y’all’s doors. It is an act of hope for you to caucus and an act of hope to ask for your support. Pete Buttigieg gives me hope; and I’m asking you to join us. 

